
In /Users/fajmac/WebstormProjects/sistem_pembayaran_asrama/src/app/data-santri/page.tsx,
I want to add a feature where user can bulk insert new Santri data using csv.
Instead of adding Santri one-by-one.
Add validation that these fields must exists in the column header (the header is row 1).
kodeAsrama (string), nama (string), nomorWalisantri (string), statusAktif (string), tanggalLahir (String). For other extra or
additional fields, just add them without validation and the default should be string.

There are additional fields that are added by default when adding a new santri such as jumlahTunggakan and statusTanggungan.
Please take a look at the logic here /Users/fajmac/WebstormProjects/sistem_pembayaran_asrama/src/app/data-santri/page.tsx
to ensure consistent logic.

Also add bulk delete by using checkboxes in the table.

It will take a long time for the process to happen in the background. So please make the process visible to the user. Like,
currently which row and what name is being processed. There should be a floating panel in the bottom right to showcase this.

Any bulk operation should be done asynchronously, meaning the user can lose internet connection, close the tab, shut down computer,
whatever... it the process will still continue in the background.

Make the UI user-friendly for uploading the csv. User can drag and drop the csv file. Make the error message user friendly as well.


--------------

Minor improvement:
 - The floating import progress should only be displayed when a bulk insert/update is happening. Automatically hide it
   when the progress is done
 - Format the names so that they follow the conventional capitalization for names. For example "FAJRUL ALAM ULIN" should be
   converted to "Fajrul Alam Ulin". This matter a lot for the document id as well.
 - There appears to be error. When inserting a new document the incrementSantriCounter should be triggered. But based on the logs
   we got this
   Beginning execution of "us-central1-incrementSantriCounter"
   19:01:55
   I
   function[us-central1-incrementSantriCounter]
   {
     "severity": "ERROR",
     "message": "Error updating active student counter: TypeError: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'serverTimestamp')\n    at /Users/fajmac/WebstormProjects/sistem_pembayaran_asrama/functions/lib/counterUtils.js:26:61"
   }



-----
- The bulk insert feature, the user can add additional columns. For these additional columns,
  the system should read ALL all of it and without filter or validation and insert the value as string.

- When creating Tagihan (invoice), I want the ability to make it only for selected students. For example, I want to set it for new
joiners this year. So what I would naturally do is: filter by tahun masuk or filter by semester. And then I would click a checkbox
to select all. Obviously I can opt to select/deselect them one by one. The invoice will be applied only to selected students. This
feature may require the firebase functions to be updated as well.


-----

- In the navbar, add a visual indicator of where currently the user is. Use neumorphism: in the selected menu in the navbar,
it should appear like the button is pushed down.

- Anywhere the "Jenjang Pendidikan" filter is present, replace it with Semester. Also, in Data Santri and Invoices table, show
the Semester and the Program Studi ("programStudi").

- In Detail Pembayaran, add detail regarding the invoice itself; the nominal (nominal), the number santri
invoiced (numberOfSantriInvoiced), number of santri waiting for verification (numberOfWaitingVerification),
and the number of santri paid (numberOfPaid). Ensure the design is nice, use hints of neumorphism.
You can revamp the page if you think it's necessary.
Heck, you change the table as well, you can add more columns and add a horizontal scroll functionality

- Implement other changes and improvement where you feel necessary, be it design or logic. I trust you, Claude.